hi guys I'm here today to give a review
about the Moroccan oil treatment the
original formula this one was $49 for
125 mils so the difference between the
original formula and the light one is
that the original is mostly for people
with very thick hair so if you have dark
red thick hair I would definitely
suggest this if you have blonde blonde
or fine hair I would suggest the light
the light version although if you have
blonde hair that's very very thick I
would say be original because um the
original is just slightly heavier
although it doesn't weigh down your hair
at all but it gives that extra
nourishing effect that thin strands
don't actually need so I actually have
quite thin hair but I have a lot of it
so for me Moroccan oil the original
works like a charm
how would actually apply it is I just
wanted you know I made this mistake of
applying way too much in the very
beginning and you know I just ended up
with a little bit you know you know but
if really heavy hair and - Gracie
because I applied way too much so I
found that actually applying a little
goes a much longer way and it's actually
you just need a dime-sized so how I'd
use it is after you wash and shampoo
your hair you don't actually need
conditioner because it actually works as
a condition of to tangles your hair and
makes it very soft and I would just
squeeze one pump or if you don't have
this pump I would put you know it's
suggest going putting your hand over the
top and just pouring like that so you
just get like that little dime size on
the palm of your hand and then I would
just rub it in with my palm and then
start at the very very ends and work
your way towards the top making sure you
get all of it and running your hands
through your hair so that it goes all
the way and I would suggest not going to
tip of your hair if you have quite oily
stuff but like prone to oiliness unless
your hair is very dry and I've read
reviews where you know people with very
very dry scalps found American oil
actually helped their self
so it just you know depends on the
condition of your hair and what I would
do is I would let it air dry or a blow
dry because this actually works since I
heat protectant as well so it doesn't
damage your hair to blow-dry it or a
strict our Flatiron it but if you want
to let it air dry Moroccan oil actually
reduces the drying time makes you dry
very quickly because it separates the
strands and detangles it so it just lets
the air just dry it much faster um and
then after it dries I would just suggest
another it's not a pump just so you can
get rid of get rid of the flyaways and
then that's all you really need and then
you're done and it actually it works
amazing it eliminates frizz and it you
know gives a lot of shine and it makes
your hair so silky and smooth it's a
heat protectant like I said it repairs
dry and damaged hair and you know it
prevents split ends or if you starting
to get Flynn it actually kind of you
know makes it you know kind of go away
actually so um it's actually really
amazing and I'll you know this is a you
know this actually goes over the long
way it's a really good long-term
investment I read over you review on a
lady who used it every time she washed
her hair and she's not for two years she
was still going with her bottle and if
you were doubtful there's also a smaller
bottle 25 mils that you can try out
before you decide you know to purchase a
larger bottle so I hope that was very
helpful and please email me with any
questions